[Music]
so
so today's video is very kindly
sponsored by
native this is the best deodorant i have
ever tried so i've been using these for
about a week
and using them every day when i'm doing
quite a lot of exercise like i'm doing
more exercises now than i've ever done
before and not only has to stop me from
smelling but
it actually retains the scent of the
deodorant the entire
day which i have never found before
that's especially the case with this one
which is the coconut and vanilla one
which is
probably my favorite so i've tried three
coconut vanilla
cucumber and mint and lavender and rose
this one smells really christmassy and
autumnal
and just makes me feel cozy so this is
my favorite to wear because i love that
kind of feeling cucumber mint is super
refreshing
and then the lavender rose is really
delicate
and i feel like this one would be better
if you were going out or something
because
the santas are strong but it's still
really nice as soon as i'm dressed i'm
going to go and do
some morning exercise and so being on
deodorant is really important especially
because it's so hot at the moment
so the texture is kind of like a balm
it's not a traditional roll-on deodorant
i've tried a few natural deodorants in
the past and
this one is just really smooth and easy
to apply
side note as well i love how there's no
rubbish in these they're all paraben
free
just literally 11 out of 10 for this
dehud my mum and i are
hooked so you can actually save 33 on
your first
native deodorant pack you just have to
use my code
[Music]
okay i've just finished some morning
stretches i like to do these in the
morning because
they loosen up your body for exercise so
you don't get injured because i kept on
getting injured
and so now i'm making sure that i
definitely definitely stretch properly
my dad and i going on a bike ride this
morning but
until he's ready i think i might just do
some gentle gymnastics
[Music]
use that
so then i went upstairs to go get my dad
to go on our cycle ride
and my mom had made some tea and she had
a bad tea cup i poured myself
a cup of moroccan mint tea
[Music]
hello
i've got a very good breakfast this is
yogurt with frozen coconut
frozen mango and some cacao nibs i
smacked you out
every single morning so then the first
thing i did was a little bit of planning
for what i wanted to do today and i also
went through all of my emails which i
usually do whilst eating breakfast
so i've just done emails and i've only
just realized i never got
dressed into something other than
sportswear so i am
going to do that now
i gave my cousin a video chat english
lesson
a little while back and i asked her to
write this essay for me
so i went through and marked this essay
so i could send it back to her
i'm doing um a q a later so i'm just
going to go through the questions i've
been asked on instagram and write up the
ones
that i'm planning on answering
[Music]
here as you can see i was just typing up
all of these questions there was so many
questions and actually took a really
long time
and then i went on to just doing a
little bit of a master class which
is basically an online course that you
can do i'm really trying to make sure
that i continue
learning at the moment so this is really
important for me
so then next i had a phone call
every single tuesday i have a phone call
for knowledge collective which is
an organization that i'm working with at
the moment and
um this is just basically the full team
briefing and catch up for the week where
we run through everything that needs to
be done
and this was really good fun the team is
really lovely
and it's an amazing cause so i'm really
enjoying doing this
[Music]
i don't know what's happened here
after lunch i went back outside on the
air track but i wasn't actually gonna do
any exercise
i went through my ideas book which is
basically where i keep track of all of
my goals and dreams and i like to go
through this every single day
and i also wrote a letter to my friend
becky and i didn't film this but i also
sat outside and read for a little bit
okay it's ten past two and i've just
written
a letter to my friend becky who i
haven't seen for ages and i very much
missed
[Music]
okay i filmed the video now i'm gonna go
downstairs and get myself
some tea i like to have tea in the
afternoons i think it's a really nice
thing to do
i've also got another phone call at 3
30.
martha got me this pride and prejudice
teeth
[Music]
i can still smell the coconut and
vanilla of my deodorant beautiful tea
set up
so
so before a phone call i will just go
and get up any emails that might come in
handy
so this particular phone call i'm having
a call with someone from the world food
programme
about free rice which you probably used
when you were younger at school without
realizing
okay oh i'm actually going to use the
home phone for this
i love living in the countryside but the
one single downside
is that the wi-fi and service is
terrible
i can't actually use my mobile phone to
make calls when i'm at home i've always
got to use the home phone
hello
think all done i'm now going to write a
quick birthday card to
my friend anne because it is her
birthday
[Music]
okay i've got ann's birthday present
there i just got an email saying that my
coursework had been returned oh my gosh
i'm so nervous
i'm really nervous for this one because
this is the one that i'm actually i was
actually really happy with like i
don't think i've ever been more happy
with a university submission so if i've
done badly i'm actually
really upset
[Music]
i got a first bit of low first so i'm
not
overly happy with it
okay the feedback is actually really
good and i've been told that this market
is
extremely harsh like he doesn't give up
first easily
and often so to go to first from him i
am actually
happy at least it's a first and his
comments are really really positive
this is excellent work there are
fundamentals that would agree with death
and friendship but that's fine what does
impress me or
attention to telling you you're looking
right right imagine that all goes well
the rest of the degree course
and basically like the main piece of
judgment was on like the content of the
piece
so whether there's a slight tendency to
rush to judgment about a parent's
meaning
which i guess i kind of do um like i
just
assume a meaning and then i argue in
favor of it
so this is good feedback because because
the way i'm approaching that is wrong
and i need to alter that which is really
useful going forward
so i always like to reflect properly on
essay feedback so i went through all of
my comments and annotations on the essay
and also the general feedback and wrote
this all up
succinctly into my exam book which is
where i keep track of all my academic
reflections
and i basically made a note of any
tangible goals
and things that i needed to remember for
next time
the feedback is so useful on this essay
annotations
i just made a note of the feedback in
this this is my exam book
[Music]
going back out on the tumble track so i
am now here with
mother granger and we are going to do
my ab workout mom's gonna join me for it
okay so let's set up base mom
this is one of the exercises i'm sat
like this mom's like
oh good i can do it again i can do this
one so mum and i basically just did the
whole
of this ab workout it was really good
fun i do enjoy doing this every day
[Music]
nearly yes
okay my battery is about to die so i
will see you later
oh okay this is the great expectations
one
basically the main piece of feedback is
that it was really creative
and engaging which is really really
great the
improvements are pretty minor there's
one about footnote numbers coming after
punctuation which i didn't know about
and that was pointed out in both of my
essays so that's really good to know in
the second bit
in the commentary i went a bit overboard
like more hyperbolic victorian than
genuine victorian
and she did pick up on that and say you
know there shouldn't have been
as many explanation marks and colloquial
phrases as i used and i kind of did that
just to be funny when really i probably
should have done that so
that's good today
i'm now sitting outside i've just
finished the book i'm writing and
i wrote maybe five or six chapters in
this notebook so i just want to go
through and transfer these into the
typed
[Music]
book
mum just made dinner oh i put it away
now i know but wasn't it good
and then this is the loaf of bread we
made the other day
mom thinks it smells gross i think it's
tasty
this was the day that we had this curry
it was really good
so then i went outside and i read some
more of my book everything is
illuminated
so next i went and organized my wardrobe
because it
got really messy i don't even know how i
managed to let it get so messy i just
refolded everything in all of the
compartments and things
okay i'm now in my pajamas and i am
going to round off the vlog here it's
currently nine o'clock
and i am just gonna get into bed and i'm
going to
watch the last episode of stranger
things i'm also going to read some of my
book thank you so much for watching
today's video
thank you again to native for sponsoring
and i hope that you have a productive
[Music]
week
you